main player character - female robot (L3A)

intro - with earths resources used up if the human race has any hope of survuval they must attempt to collonise Earth 2 
formally known as the planet Oracle. The main character L3A has been carefully created and designed to transport a male 
and female in a journey that has a very low chance of success. The pair raised with the sole purpose of going through 
this mission have only ever known the cold harsh reality of the world that they inhabit thus hat is represented in their 
character. A week prior to take off both Subjects and caretaker are united in order to get situated with one another based 
on the sheer nature of the journey in which they are about to partake in. There is initial resentment from the pair as 
L3A immedietly show the traditional motherly values in which they have both never know, and from their point of view she is 
just a robot

Middle- With the subjects placed into a cryosleeep L3A is left to is left to maintain and survey the ship to ensure that 
no issues occur.However it soon becomes apparent that there is n issue with the power distibution mainframe which is 
havinga significant impact on the ships mechanics and operating systems. L3A must complete a variety of tasks if there is any
chance of saving the human race. With malfunctions taking place throughout the ship the cryosleep chambers eventually fail leading 
to the pair waking up. Fortunatly this has no impact on whether or not they will make it to earth 2 based on their age as the
sleep had been in affect for most of the journey. 

Climax-
But now they were awake and feeling the pressure of what failure would mean they 
begin helping L3A in restoring the ship. They fix all of the major issues for the moment which leaves them 2 years of 'peace'
aboard the ship in which there bond grows stronger with the robot becoming somewhat of a motherly role. Everything seems to be
going well. With less than a month until there arrival on Earth 2 while checking on the navigation and auto anding gear it is evident
that all of the viewable damage had been fixed and the displays showed all components in working order, that screen had been infact 
frozen an the whole time important energy was being drained from the ship leaving a insufficient amount needed in order to land.
The only way to get the power would mean sacrificing herself. Although not wanting to upset the pair she initially wanted to keep
her intentions a secret she was not programmed to lie so when the conversation came up about if they were going to make it L3A 
had no control and Her plan came to light. In order to preserve their bodies incase of a failed landing the pair are placed 
back into cryosleep.

[Screen Fades to black]



Ending-
eventually when wake up noticing through the view ports that they had made it they immedietly rush to the bridge of the ship excitedly 
greet L3A because they had actually made it against all odds. However when they open the door they find a lifeless,souless robot shell tangled in wires in which she must have used 
to transfer her power to the ship. 

They had made it but at what cost.


[Screenplay]

(Black screen)
Narration (grundgy american male V/O)
"Get everything prepared its time Initiate the oracle protocol"

(Boot up sounds)
(Screen blinks)


L3A:
"Model 1, Callsign L3A220802 Bootup successful awaiting mission brief"

President:
(pacing around the white house oval office is the president of the United states)
"Operator L3A220802 in approximately 7 Days you are to transport two human subjects to the planet Oracle in hopes that we are able 
to colonise it and save the human race from extinction. In  moments time you are to follow my right hand secretary to be introduced to 
the pair. Do you understand these tasks that i havew given you".

L3A:
"Yes Sir"
(salutes)

President:
(he signals)
"Just know, failure would result in the Extinction of the entire human race".

[He Turns his back to the robot looking out of the window at what has become of washington. (a destroyed city filled with violence and dispair)]

[Suddenly an official looking lady comes through the smallest door in the room]

Official lady:
(Looking at L3A)
"if you could come with me please"
(giving a swift nod to the other high ranking members of government she turns and begins to lead L3A through some tile panneled hallways)















  